Christina Anderson: Hi, how are you
Richelle Direny: How are you
Christina Anderson: Good, thank you.
Richelle Direny: I need to check because I don't think I've ever met with you before I need to check to see for meeting for individual or for meeting for
Richelle Direny: Initial
Christina Anderson: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You're in. Are you in Tennessee, or you're in Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Michigan. Oh, you're in Michigan, where you meeting with God before
Christina Anderson: Yeah I would meet with her the first Monday of each month.
Christina Anderson: And yes, you did.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I am meeting for an individual. Yes, I am. I remember now. So what's been going on. How's everything going
Christina Anderson: Good, same old stuff.
Just
Christina Anderson: hectic holidays are over, but my daughter's birthday is tomorrow. And I was not prepared at all.
Christina Anderson: So, um, yeah. But everything else has been good works been good.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good. Well, you know what, listen.
Richelle Direny: When I do get when you know the holidays are over, and we're here safely. Thank God. But, um, you know, like you said, when the birthdays come creeping up right around the corner, you have to get repaired.
Richelle Direny: Brother. How old is your daughter.
Christina Anderson: Is going to be three.
Christina Anderson: Oh, yes.
Richelle Direny: So, definitely. It's a little different when they're that young because you can't give them the excuse of, well, you just had Christmas. You kind of have to go with the whole flow of everything.
Richelle Direny: Right. So, okay, I do know let me, let me just checking.
Richelle Direny: No, I do see
Richelle Direny: That you have you have a copay with your insurance.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, um,
Christina Anderson: I always forget which is which. But how was with God. It was like
Christina Anderson: All together, between the doctor. And Jodi, I'd pay like 110 a month or something. I think Jody's was like the 20 and he's. This was the larger vice versa. I'm not sure.
Richelle Direny: And you met you met with her often like once a month for individual you
Christina Anderson: Will know I never met what in her for individual. It was always group. Oh, it was always group. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So no, because I was just looking here on your profile that
Richelle Direny: That you had a copay. But of course, that's something that you deal with feeling. I don't think that, but so what's been going on, like, I know that they were there was a little bit of concern. And that's partly why they did. They were requested that you meet you meet me for individual right
Christina Anderson: I don't know. I thought it was just because God was leaving or doing something else.
Christina Anderson: Well,
Richelle Direny: We do groups.
Richelle Direny: I believe
Richelle Direny: On Mondays, but like once a month, I believe in the look at 12 o'clock or something like that.
Christina Anderson: Oh yeah change or something.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it changed. So for some people, I think.
Richelle Direny: There was a few people that will be on the back schedule where they're going to be with her once a month at that time. And then for everyone else on that needed to do in for groups, it would be I do the groups on Tuesdays at 630 is when I do because I wasn't able to do Mondays at 530
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's why we change that, but I can't. Again, um, I was, I guess they wanted to address. I don't know if something occurred.
Richelle Direny: Between you and one of the care coordinators, where there was some obscene languages that was being sent.
Richelle Direny: To them, so they wanted it wanted me to meet with us to kind of like check ins and see what was going on.
Richelle Direny: And to kind of address like what whatever had transpired because they because when I spoke with Jody, she was a little bit baffled. And she's like, well, that doesn't sound my car. So let's see what's going on.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, that's weird cuz I don't know what any of that.
Richelle Direny: You don't know what to talk. No.
Richelle Direny: I don't know. Let's see if you have a new number. So that's another thing. Did you change your phone number.
Christina Anderson: Oh, it was probably my asshole boyfriend.
Christina Anderson: It was
Christina Anderson: An asshole.
Christina Anderson: But now you know
Christina Anderson: A while ago. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because
Christina Anderson: That's our date, um,
Richelle Direny: So, because I can but it seemed like it was coming from. I guess your contact information, but it was like messages.
Richelle Direny: That was being sent to the care coordinator. I don't know. Like, what was the conversation back and forth. But one of the concerning things were
Richelle Direny: There was a lot of obscene languages, you know, just kind of the verbal aggression that was going on with those messages. So they wanted me to add because I dress it with you because it was on more than one occasion that it happened.
Christina Anderson: Not My only guess is he gets in these jealous fits and was trying to figure out who it was. That's my only guess I'm because this is news to me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's see. So maybe it is, and which is in which is funny. It's good when you have you build a rapport with the person you've been working with because she thought maybe someone took her phone. Maybe there's something going up and she thought it sounded really weird.
Right.
Richelle Direny: And let me see if it was because we do have some care coordinators that are male. So unless he's like jealous. Whether you're speaking to a male or female, and that's why he's um
Christina Anderson: Well, the thing is, is he gets into my boost call history and any number. He doesn't say all I'm going to text them and I'm going to see who it is. Blah, blah, blah.
Christina Anderson: But he never mentioned those number and then maybe it didn't occur to me because I was like
Christina Anderson: It's an out of area code, and I didn't realize. And I was like, well, it's probably a telemarketer blah, blah, blah. And he still you know message or something and got all pissy or something, I don't know.
Christina Anderson: Ask him about
Christina Anderson: How long ago was that I'm trying to find, you know, I'm trying to find it.
Richelle Direny: Because even when I was reading it, I was like, okay, wow. I mean, I've never met with her, but I'll try to address what's going on a little bit much.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, he's a bit much.
Richelle Direny: But are you still with him.
Yeah.
One of those things.
Richelle Direny: So it was never on your case plan with God to
Richelle Direny: Meet for
Individuals
Christina Anderson: Know,
Christina Anderson: I don't know if it's because my insurance didn't. I mean, not that they covered it anyways but for a while I was on Medicaid. I don't know how that worked with group and individual, but since the beginning. I've been on like two or three years now. It's always been a group
Richelle Direny: That it was always approved or not.
Christina Anderson: Always a group
Christina Anderson: Because when I changed my employers insurance. I had to start paying
Christina Anderson: But either way, even when I was on Medicaid. It was a group, but that was all covered
Richelle Direny: I think it was sometime in early January.
This one.
Richelle Direny: One, I think it was an early. What are we 2727. So yeah, I think it was like early game worried
Richelle Direny: That the messages kept coming back and forth, but address the obscene language.
Richelle Direny: It was it was almost as if it was, um,
Richelle Direny: It was as if the messages were um but provoking almost like to insinuate like a threat in some way.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you guys must have been in like a pretty good argument there when he sent those messages.
Probably
Christina Anderson: Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's the reason I said, well, I'll meet with her.
Richelle Direny: Address it but
Christina Anderson: Like, oh my God, I hope she doesn't cuss me out.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna find that, like, okay, so I'm going to meet with her and
So, okay.
Christina Anderson: No, no, no.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now now for your individual I mean for groups. How often do you go to groups.
Christina Anderson: Once a month.
Richelle Direny: And it's always been like that.
Christina Anderson: He all will know um
Christina Anderson: There was a time where was every week and then it got to every month.
Christina Anderson: Because I had been on the program for so long, I guess. And I don't know if it was trying to help me out with because I have to pay a lot if it was weekly
Christina Anderson: The combination of the both. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Okay. It was on the
Christina Anderson: Third of January this month.
Christina Anderson: Look,
Christina Anderson: That look at his phone. Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: FYI. I don't know what it was a message that was sent to you.
Richelle Direny: And it
Richelle Direny: Then the record by was
Here, let me
Richelle Direny: The messages were just, they were asking me to call bright heart health.
Richelle Direny: Oh, yes. So it was him. So it's, um, that on the 14th. They actually called you schedule an appointment with me. A man can answer the phone and ask that we not call. The phone anymore.
Christina Anderson: Lord
Richelle Direny: Does he know you're part of our program.
Christina Anderson: You knows I'm part of a program, but I don't know if you necessarily know that it's called bright heart.
Richelle Direny: So he knows that. But like a program like a Suboxone and you see I
Richelle Direny: Gotta
Richelle Direny: You gotta prove so he he knows the details of what but he doesn't know the name of the program.
Christina Anderson: Wow. Yeah. Probably not.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And I guess what those messages. It was the repeated messages and then I guess that's when in the beginning.
Richelle Direny: Um, that's when he replied, and then there were there were text messages or whatever SMS messages will, however, they said, bright heart sends messages and then he
Richelle Direny: Said the person was coming to Pope hope.
Richelle Direny: And then on the fourth
Richelle Direny: What time is it in Michigan.
Six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, then the second one was, quote, come get this shit.
Christina Anderson: Come get
Christina Anderson: Yes.
Christina Anderson: That's all the
Richelle Direny: Messages that was being sent to the care coordinators when they tried to get in contact with you to schedule appointments and
Richelle Direny: I don't know. Are you up to date with your arm you your UDS
Christina Anderson: Um, I know they just sent me another one. So I'm up to date as far as when this one arrives.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so maybe that was maybe the attempt in terms of communicating with you.
Richelle Direny: And so maybe I'm maybe having a conversation with him, letting him know that there are times that you will get a concept of, you know, a call from action, even if it's from the area code.
Christina Anderson: Because
Richelle Direny: Like you maybe not know the number, but at least you have you're familiar with the area code.
Christina Anderson: Right.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, he's mindful, because I'm
Richelle Direny: You know i can i can understand the suspicion.
Richelle Direny: When you're getting random calls and he's not really aware and if he is the jealous type
Richelle Direny: Right, you definitely want to address that.
Richelle Direny: At least now wake up.
Christina Anderson: I will for sure.
Richelle Direny: You don't want to get dropped from a program just because you're jealous boyfriend.
Why
Christina Anderson: Oh my god.
Richelle Direny: Um, when did you attend the group.
Christina Anderson: Um, well, I checked in, but God wasn't there because maybe she had changed already. Um, I tried this, the first Monday of this month, but previous to that it would have been the first Monday of December.
Okay, I think we switch the
Christina Anderson: Switch that I think this month.
Okay, Chrissy.
Provided
Richelle Direny: Okay, so she and she also sent a message of the same thing that to ensure that we have the correct phone number.
Christina Anderson: Yeah. And then I finally saw my emails and then that's what got me in touch with her because I don't really look at my emails a lot. And then I just, you know, happened to scroll. And then I saw the email.
Christina Anderson: So that's when I finally called and then I updated the number because you didn't tell me about any of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you did update the number and everything else. So what is the best way to get in contact with
Christina Anderson: All my mean phone or email really now that my numbers updated.
Christina Anderson: Either
Richelle Direny: So now in terms of when you say groups you were going now. Ever since you started bright heart. It's always been that you came one someone
Christina Anderson: Know, I started off weekly. Um, and then I don't know, maybe like six months later, six months to a year later, it started being every month.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you because you started by heart in 2017
Christina Anderson: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so when do you meet with
Richelle Direny: Dr Perabo
Christina Anderson: Also, the first Monday at
Christina Anderson: 11am okay
Richelle Direny: Okay. Do you go to outside meetings. Do you go to groups.
Christina Anderson: Know outside of Breitbart
Christina Anderson: Know,
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I mean, I started. I'm doing one because I do know that there's quite a number of people that attend that they do monthly
Richelle Direny: Groups. So you can just join the group for tomorrow at 630 and I have, I think there are some people were going every third of them.
Richelle Direny: I think it was every third Monday or something like that. But what I said just to keep myself on track with them to patients that to monthly I would prefer the first Monday. I mean, sorry. The first Tuesday of every month. If you do attend monthly
Richelle Direny: If you join because you do because when was the last time you went to a group. Yeah, a group
Christina Anderson: I'm the first
Christina Anderson: Monday of December.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So then let's you can, we can meet tomorrow for group and then just to kind of keep you on track, it will be back to back. For this one, then we would meet next Tuesday on the fourth and then after that it would be every Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: Every first Tuesday of every month.
Christina Anderson: At 630 at 630 yeah
Richelle Direny: You just kind of see where you are with terms of your treatment plan. Let's just see where that
Richelle Direny: Are you doing individual counseling out in the community.
Christina Anderson: Now know
Richelle Direny: If you've never done individual
Know,
Richelle Direny: It said that you met that goal. A year ago.
Christina Anderson: Oh, well I mean in terms of meeting with a doctor about my anxiety, maybe
Richelle Direny: Were you seeing a psychiatrist or you were seeing
Christina Anderson: If I probably just a family doctor
Richelle Direny: And so your family doctor was writing, writing prescriptions.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, I'm for Paxil
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you never seen you were the only diagnosed with anxiety.
Christina Anderson: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Never depression or anything, any other mental illness.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay. And you've never seen a psychiatrist.
Know,
Christina Anderson: I'd like to, I just never really thought about looking into it and seeing if it's covered
Richelle Direny: In I'm sure your insurance cameras on psychiatry in what psychiatrist, you only typically see them once a month.
Christina Anderson: Oh,
Richelle Direny: That's just for med management. I mean, when, when it comes down to medication.
Richelle Direny: Yes, your family doctor can write those prescriptions. But then, for every drug. It's really class with a particular specialist
Richelle Direny: So it's kind of like your family doctor can write you if you were pregnant, they can write you free needles are you going to just keep going to your family doctor, you're going to go to your OB GYN
Christina Anderson: Right.
Richelle Direny: You understand because they thought there's they follow you. Whatever medication, they put you on there certain tests that they do. There are certain protocols that they follow so
Richelle Direny: If you were diagnosed with a mental illness, it's best to follow a Psychiatry's you're only checking in with them once a month.
Richelle Direny: If, like you're on Paxil, and if the Paxil isn't working. The other go up or down.
Richelle Direny: Or maybe it's just that you've gotten immune to it. And so maybe they need to try different Manson there certain blood tested me to to monitor those levels in your system.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like I said psychiatrist is typically one someone
Christina Anderson: Okay, yeah, I'll look into it for sure.
Richelle Direny: If you you say you have private insurance or you have Medicaid
Christina Anderson: I private now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you definitely. I mean I wouldn't know. But interest at this comfort mental health.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it felt a lot of it was for your, you know, ability. Now, how long have you been
Richelle Direny: Have you had sobriety.
Christina Anderson: Um, since I started, I haven't relapsed so since I started the program, pretty much. I mean, a few weeks prior to that too because finally hit rock bottom. I didn't have anything
Christina Anderson: So ever since. Yeah, though. What was it like August or September of 2017
Richelle Direny: Pretty much since you have your daughter, what did I say daughter, what do you have a daughter, or a son.
Yeah, daughter.
Christina Anderson: So if you
Richelle Direny: Had your at your daughter, you haven't had to read. So you were clean before you got pregnant with your daughter.
Christina Anderson: Um no I wasn't clean and then I got clean. When I was pregnant, and then I relapsed a little after and then that's when I was like, enough is enough.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so after that, like, it was kind of started having anxiety after that.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, I mean, I've always had anxiety. Um, I mean, obviously, when I was taking the bills that helped, but I've had that since I was like in high school.
Richelle Direny: What do you think, bring on your anxiety.
Christina Anderson: I don't. Well, I'm, I, my family. It might be Jeanette. I know this genetic, but I know like my great grandma She suffered from depression. She tried to kill herself toys. I mean, I don't know if that was anxiety, too, but I know
Christina Anderson: There is like mental health issues.
Christina Anderson: Um, you know, in my line. My family line.
Christina Anderson: But otherwise, I really don't know. I just always
Just
Richelle Direny: Invited
Christina Anderson: Will actually like an anxiety attack. I mean, it's been a long time. Um, I actually had my first anxiety attack when I was like young like 11 or 12 my you know that heart racing and arm numbing thing.
Christina Anderson: I never really got that so much. It was just more like of an always being nervous.
Richelle Direny: Kind of like nervous being afraid of the unknown or what happened.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, like that, or even
Christina Anderson: Even minor things like knowing I have to drive home from work or like even appointments would sometimes weird me out and I don't know, it's weird. I don't, I don't know why.
Christina Anderson: It's just, I've always just kind of had that heavy lump in my chest.
Richelle Direny: And my fear of dying or fear of getting an accident, fear of not being able to get home to your daughter fear a point
Christina Anderson: Why don't even know about that so much. It was just, I guess, of just having to maybe get get stuff done. I don't know, it's weird. It's weird. It's hard to explain.
Christina Anderson: Is that I have to do this. I have to do that I have to get home. I got to do this when I'm home or and then I mean it didn't help when I was on the pills, either because I was
Christina Anderson: Lying and all that. So that probably made it worse, too. But I don't know why. When I was younger, because I didn't have, you know, I happy childhood and all that. So I just, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: And you said, But you said there is a family history. There is a family history of substance abuse.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, that too, for sure on both sides a mom and dad.
Christina Anderson: Mainly alcoholism, though, but I don't touch that stuff. My dad, he got into he was the one who FUNNY THING I'M LIKE HIM. YOU GOT INTO THE PILLS. We always when we were both doing it at the same time. At one point, it would make both of us feel the same like
Christina Anderson: So probably got it from him, like the opiate abuse.
Richelle Direny: You're the only child.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Well, your parents or your parents are still alive.
Christina Anderson: Yes, they're
Christina Anderson: Not
Christina Anderson: That they've remarried. My dad wasn't around
Christina Anderson: She divorced him because of the substance abuse, back then it was mainly cocaine, though, um,
Christina Anderson: And then for a long time up until I was like
Christina Anderson: I don't know 2021 he was
Christina Anderson: In and out of rehabs or. Then finally, he got clean
Richelle Direny: And you still work as a pharmacy technician.
Christina Anderson: No, I'm I work in an office now.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, it definitely is. This is the thing. I think it's definitely good. And of course, I understand, like, being able to afford it based on your insurance and what they cover and what have you.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, checking in, I would say once a month, because when you're on the Suboxone
Richelle Direny: It be well let me say this, like, what is your goal is your goal to be on it long term or to eventually at some point in time taper off of it where you're not necessarily dependent upon it, like, what is your goal.
Christina Anderson: I mean, I
Christina Anderson: Ideally, it would be to taper off one day, but
Christina Anderson: Sometimes I feel like if it keeps me normal as well as it has for the past three years, I mean I would do it long term.
Christina Anderson: Um,
Christina Anderson: So I don't know. I mean, it's hard to say. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that's fine because when you when you are looking at, you know, the Suboxone treatment. It really is.
Richelle Direny: In addition to being on the Suboxone you're doing the group therapy but chat group is, you know, everyone is there, so you're not necessarily going to get
Richelle Direny: More a very intimate and personal in a group setting because you're not necessarily going to want to. There are certain things that you're not going to share in a group setting.
Richelle Direny: You know, one on one session. Again, you're also not going to feel in the beginning to share a whole lot of things, but as time progresses and you know you develop that therapeutic compliance and that rapport with the individuals who are working with. It's working on identifying
Richelle Direny: Those buried feelings, thoughts, or what have you. That kind of keeps like if you said, Why am I getting interest. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes in talking about it. It brings it into awareness. What is creating that anxiety, in turn, also with
Richelle Direny: The Suboxone you're keeping you take the Suboxone to somewhat stabilize you to take away the cravings to take away those addictive tendencies.
Richelle Direny: And but you have to identify what's causing those not necessarily be addiction. But what's causing what's bringing you for those desires to want to take
Richelle Direny: pills or whatever. What is it that you're suppressing because that's ultimately why you if you drink. Why you take pills. Some people get addicted to pain medication. They it. The reason why they become addicted to the medication. It's because what is the source of it.
Richelle Direny: All. Yeah. So I'm in pain. I'm going to take something the medication wore off the pain comes back, I take the band aid.
Richelle Direny: Band Aid is your pill. So until you identify the source of your problem, what is causing the pain, you're always going to reach for the band aid, because the band aid gives you a temporary relief until you address the source of your issue. It's the same way.
Richelle Direny: You are doing that you take the Suboxone to take away the craving and that feeling of wanting to gold to all other whatever drug that you were on
Richelle Direny: And while you use this as a band aid to cover up these feelings, what is causing these feelings. It's coming into awareness of why. What are these feelings, what is it that I'm asking and until you deal with it and address it. You will always reach for whatever your suppressant is
Richelle Direny: And that's what everything is whatever it is that you become addicted to it's a suppressing so until you identifying that. So the question goes back to, would you, and I asked everyone that I work with.
Richelle Direny: What is your goal, your ultimate goal is it that one day in the future, not now, but one day in the future, do you hope to taper off of this medication.
Richelle Direny: And if the answer is yes. Well, the only way to do that is that while you're taking this medication to suppress these feelings and whatever it is that you're suppressing to be able to work on the underlining issues, you will never be able to get rid of this.
Richelle Direny: You understand
Christina Anderson: We
Richelle Direny: Go to the doctor because we feel pain. We're saying that, or there's something going on in us. So the doctor says why like explore the source of it. I'm going to give you this to relieve to give you some relief.
Richelle Direny: Right, well, we still have to address the issue once we've addressed the issue we are going to taper you down on the relief.
Christina Anderson: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so that's kind of what how I look at therapy therapy is only therapy is also temporary a therapist is not meant to be in your life forever.
Richelle Direny: A therapist is only there to help you identify the source of the those emotions that has taken control of you, those feelings that has taken control of
Richelle Direny: Those spots that are taking control of you have therapist is there just to help you bring it into awareness and to process it.
Richelle Direny: To help you identify
Richelle Direny: Your natural abilities to process to your natural ability to control something the therapist is only help you there to teach you how to
Richelle Direny: Gain back your control. Once you're in control of a situation and circumstances as they come up. Eventually you're no longer than me talk therapy or cycle therapy, you're no longer going to need it because now I know how to address these things.
Richelle Direny: You understand
Richelle Direny: It's like
Richelle Direny: Thinking about like you have your three year old daughter, and she's crying and you're neutral rather than
Richelle Direny: And follow what she's crying. She's making all this noise. I don't know. I don't know what's going on. Okay. Well, she just needs to be burped or she just needs to be held.
Richelle Direny: Um but initially you don't know you're like, I don't know what's going on here. Notice going on. You give her the bottle. I don't want that you give her this if you do all these things and until someone comes in the picture and say,
Richelle Direny: Christina folder you need to do. Now you've identified the source of the crime. She just wants to help
Christina Anderson: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: need me anymore to tell you what's wrong why your kid is crying.
Richelle Direny: You don't need me anymore because I've helped to bring in awareness, the source of your issues. She just needs to be loved. She just needs to be held so no longer do you need it. And that's just kind of how
Richelle Direny: I think the whole goal of bright heart is not just the group therapy but along with it is the individual therapy to help you to learn how to gain control how to be able to cope with different things that come in your life, and over time.
Richelle Direny: You notice that the individuals will go down to once a month, once every other month when you need it groups will come down to once a month and eventually you'll get you'll regain full control where maybe take
Richelle Direny: On how often you take this medication.
Richelle Direny: The point where you're no longer on it now. Hey, I can live a full functioning, healthy life where I don't need anything. And so the question is,
Christina Anderson: What is it
Richelle Direny: That you want to do.
Richelle Direny: That's the question. What do you want to do. What do you want to work.
Richelle Direny: For and then from there, completely therapies here for you. It's really up to you whether or not you want to utilize it.
Richelle Direny: Therapy is here for you.
Richelle Direny: The only
Richelle Direny: Therapy is that you
Richelle Direny: You kind of have to do the group therapy in order to get the medication, but I think it encompasses all of it.
Christina Anderson: To help you to move forward.
Okay.
Christina Anderson: You have any questions.
Richelle Direny: Or any thoughts.
Christina Anderson: No, I mean,
Christina Anderson: They did put in perspective, a little, like, like you said, identify the source and hopefully one day I can be free of it all.
Richelle Direny: I mean, the question is, do you want to be free of it all.
Christina Anderson: I mean, yeah, that would be ideal.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's really think of it as, you know,
Richelle Direny: You want to be. It's like you have individual shackles that's bounding you
Christina Anderson: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You want to stay that way or do you want to
Christina Anderson: Know, like, what, what do you really want to do. Yeah, I
Richelle Direny: Think you have full control of your life right now full under control of your life in every aspect.
Christina Anderson: Know,
Christina Anderson: Um,
Christina Anderson: I as I do the anxiety, always the
Christina Anderson: Everything's gonna fall apart type feeling
Christina Anderson: Men.
Christina Anderson: It's
Richelle Direny: The one year with
Christina Anderson: As hard as hard
Richelle Direny: What is your goal. Do you want to move
Richelle Direny: Forward, or do you want to release.
Richelle Direny: Do you want to go.
Richelle Direny: Work, or do you want to walk away.
Christina Anderson: I mean, I want to make you work but
Christina Anderson: I want to make it work. But the way it's been it's wanting to walk away.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that maybe that's the source of your anxiety for part of
Christina Anderson: Being a part of it.
Richelle Direny: You fear being
Richelle Direny: It. Your daughter's father
Richelle Direny: You fear being a single mom like your mom.
Christina Anderson: No, I actually
Christina Anderson: Would love it at this
Christina Anderson: Um, it's more
Christina Anderson: It's more me feeling
Christina Anderson: Bad
Christina Anderson: Mama.
Christina Anderson: It's your me feeling bad because his mother never
Christina Anderson: showed him how to be a man or get through life. He's on SSI.
Christina Anderson: He wouldn't know what and now his mom his past. She was always his
For his role.
Christina Anderson: As fallback because he doesn't know how to work. He doesn't know how to do any of that.
Christina Anderson: He was never taught. She was a drug addict.
Christina Anderson: Um,
Christina Anderson: And it's almost like me feeling bad, like, he'll end up homeless will end up on the streets like he has no aspect of how to
Christina Anderson: Have a life of his own or get a job, get a house like
Christina Anderson: And that's where I feel bad.
Richelle Direny: Is it that you feel bad, or you feel like you need to fulfill the role of his mom.
Christina Anderson: Not so much that because I wish I didn't have to be that way.
Christina Anderson: I
Christina Anderson: Try and make them more independent what
Christina Anderson: I mean, he's, he got an SSI for the wrong reasons to get easy money, but at the same time you did have a
Christina Anderson: He almost was beat to death by bats and I think his head injuries affected him to
Richelle Direny: When he got in a fight.
Christina Anderson: Yeah, he was walking and you know he was in that stupid game life back in the day and
Christina Anderson: He was all you know high on pills, one day and I he doesn't even know what happened he still doesn't know who did it, and
Christina Anderson: So I guess he got SSI off of severe post traumatic stress and all this geeky can't function and outside and blah, blah, blah.
Christina Anderson: Even though he
And
Christina Anderson: But um but yeah they beat him with that's really hard, like they said if he wasn't so filled out on Danny's that he probably would have died because it
Christina Anderson: Did something as blood or I forgot what you said, but um yeah he was he was almost beat to death and
Christina Anderson: Numerous hits to the head.
Christina Anderson: Um,
Christina Anderson: But
Christina Anderson: Um, but yeah, no, I would really like to break free of this role always have to do everything.
Christina Anderson: But I'm just scared because I mean I love him. I have love for him. I just don't want to see him up there.
Richelle Direny: Are you in love with a few different things.
Richelle Direny: The it's all that two completely different things.
Richelle Direny: I love a whole lot of people. Right. And what a whole nother thing.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, understand I'm saying
Richelle Direny: Then the other part of it is, do you feel that the relationship is more of a hindrance than it is beneficial for you. Thank you. You feel like it's holding you back from moving forward in all aspects of your life.
Richelle Direny: Do you feel somewhat stifled. Or do you feel like you know you want to move. I mean, you want to move forward your things that dreams and aspirations, you have, but there's a part of the relationship that's kind of suffocating
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, sounds like I'm naming a few sources of your anxiety.
Right.
Christina Anderson: Now I always knew that was a part of big part of it.
Christina Anderson: It's just, he certainly been in the picture for so long. And I've had it for so long. So, I mean, I knew that was
Christina Anderson: And because it but a part of me. I'm like, still wants to see it work, but it's just been so much drama so much
Christina Anderson: Pain and it's just like, I'd rather be a single I almost want to be a single mother. Now I told him I don't, I don't want to man ever again. No, I want to be like my mom. I'll start dating one she's out of the house.
Richelle Direny: And so it's, it sounds. It doesn't sound that necessarily you want to be a single mom, again, I think you just want to change your circumstances.
Christina Anderson: Right.
Richelle Direny: What you're feeling and going through is what a lot of women, both for how long you guys been together.
Christina Anderson: Um,
Christina Anderson: Basically
Christina Anderson: The middle of 2016. I mean, we were only together like a month or two, and we can see her.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it's not like you've not been together a whole long time so it's still that feeling of guilt is was carrying a relationship but guilt is is going to eventually make you become resentful.
Christina Anderson: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: You understand, and you have to really think like that, you'll want to make you resent him over, over the years, because then the choices you make.
Richelle Direny: All in the name of feeling bad about his situation, you will then start blaming him for the decisions you make. Which would then become unfair to him because they were your choices. There were your decisions. The the
Richelle Direny: The, to some degree, the only obligation, you have in life right now is to her.
Christina Anderson: Into your soul.
Richelle Direny: It sounds bad. It sounds horrible. But that's really the only true obligation, but I think it is, um,
You
Richelle Direny: You have to really think outside of the fact that for years you've had anxiety has your anxiety increased more since you've been in this relationship. And since you're in the circumstance that you're in.
Christina Anderson: I'm
Christina Anderson: I think so.
Christina Anderson: I mean, it's hard to say.
Christina Anderson: It's because it's just
Christina Anderson: A different anxiety than what I normally had it was more of how she going to act today. How's he gonna will move it to be and not so much. All my
Christina Anderson: What do I have to get done. I'm not doing enough in life, and that this, this, and that it's more like what type of emergency and today.
Christina Anderson: So your
Richelle Direny: Body's always going to be created based on your current situation and circumstance.
Richelle Direny: It's not always the same. It anxiousness comes with different in the anxiousness comes with I got to go to the doctor. They took a blood test. Now, I'm like, God was the result I am i dying or is it going to tell you understand anxiety comes with different situation circumstance.
Richelle Direny: Wall question is
Richelle Direny: Right now, you feel like you know what my Medicare my anxiety medication is not working. And I find that I'm popping it more that I'm in this relationship simply
Richelle Direny: Relationship comes with. Yes. Think about that.
Richelle Direny: Do you find that
Richelle Direny: You're increasing your doses of your Suboxone because you're having the cravings, or what have you, based on your current relationship that's when I talk about the foundation and the source of what you're thinking and feeling what is creating that what is making that company.
Christina Anderson: Right.
Christina Anderson: And yeah, I mean,
Christina Anderson: Yeah, I guess, I guess it has been because even the pills got worse when I got with him at first, then I had to stop and then I go back on it again because I was just always
Christina Anderson: Trying to get away from it all. And so, I mean, yeah, I think it has been more so. But I don't find myself like popping anything more than I should. Um,
Christina Anderson: I still have a little bit of a hold on it.
Christina Anderson: I'm
Christina Anderson: Never had thoughts of, you know, let me just take another one, but I never do.
Richelle Direny: You said you have thought
Christina Anderson: I mean, yeah, there's been times when I'll let me take an extra two bags when I'm stressed or you know whatever but
Christina Anderson: I mean, then I'm going to go a day without it. So I don't I don't end up doing it. I mean,
Christina Anderson: So, I still have, like, you know, bit of control on that.
Christina Anderson: Then there's the days where I he could be stressing me out completely. And I just keep myself busy enough and I forget to take the thing that day.
Christina Anderson: So I don't know, it's always different. It's
Richelle Direny: It's how your mind thinks of it and the end of it all, how your mind thinks of it. It's not don't over process it and don't overthink it.
Richelle Direny: It's looking at it like the end this is the key to any whether it's your relationship, whether it's work whether the matter what the circumstance is if there is something that's making you feel like I need to do this to get away from it. That's your problem.
Richelle Direny: And that is
Richelle Direny: That is your, your tune
Richelle Direny: If it's making you feel in think I need to get away. I needed to this and I need to do that, then this may be an issue because the source of your problem, you understand
Christina Anderson: That
Richelle Direny: Kind of house. So when I look at an addiction. I look at you get a
Richelle Direny: Good deal of numbing a certain emotion or feeling that's got addicted to is the idea if I'm
Richelle Direny: If I drink an excessive amount of alcohol. What does it do it takes me kind of it out of my out of body work puts me to sleep. I don't have your thinking that moment, if I take any type of drug. I'm not doing it because, oh boy, this tastes like straight up sugar.
Richelle Direny: Good stuff. No, I'm doing it because I know the end result is going to numb the thoughts and the feelings and the emotion of what is so overwhelming to me right now.
Richelle Direny: I just stopped.
Richelle Direny: When you get addicted to what it does, it takes you away from what you're feeling in your thinking.
Richelle Direny: And therefore once you identify what is causing me a tremendous amount of courage or our discomfort, whatever is causing me that discomfort. I need to remove it.
Richelle Direny: If you wear a size.
Richelle Direny: I don't know if this happened to you, but after you had your daughter. For some people they they gain a whole shoe size.
Richelle Direny: And so if you were a size six. But then after you had your child. You were now we are so you notice that, oh boy, this five six is a bit tight, are you going to keep doing it, or are you going to get rid of it.
Richelle Direny: But oftentimes what we do instead of getting rid of the problem that we've just identified we find a way around it. Just get rid of the problem is you can't go get a new one.
Richelle Direny: We don't get our mind doesn't compute it like that. Our mind just find a way to get a temporary fix. So what do we do, we go get a shoe plank and try to white know you'll need a widening it's going to come back.
Christina Anderson: Just
Richelle Direny: Get rid of the source of your issue is
Richelle Direny: That muscle discomfort.
Richelle Direny: Get don't find something to give you a temporary fix find a permanent solution.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm not telling you to go get reinforcement, not by no means
Richelle Direny: But I'm saying identify what's creating the discomfort that is repeat
Christina Anderson: Right.
Richelle Direny: That. That's all I'm saying. Think about identify what are those things that causing the discomfort. That's what we try to work through
Richelle Direny: And like I said, you know, you have to, I encourage it whether it's you check in. Once a month for session to just kind of address certain things in group therapy. It's not going to get so personalized
Richelle Direny: Right. Um, but it's definitely something to think about. And I definitely encourage it while you're on this medication.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And I would encourage you to call
Richelle Direny: Your insurance to find out about the psychiatrists
Yeah.
Christina Anderson: We'll do that.
Richelle Direny: If you don't have any questions.
Richelle Direny: Let you could check in is tomorrow at 630 ok for you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Christina, I will definitely update the system. So they'll know you're not the one sending those lovely messages.
Christina Anderson: Right, please do.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Christina Anderson: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you, Michelle.
Richelle Direny: Bye bye.
Bye.